Christian's Advent of Code Solutions
====================================

Well hello there! You've found my repository of
[Advent of Code](https://adventofcode.com) solutions. Let me explain what you've
stumbled upon.

Advent of Code is a yearly coding event, an advent calendar of sorts for people
who like to code. Starting on December 1st, a Christmas story begins to unfold
where everything is just going horribly, tragically wrong. And the only person
who can save it... is probably on vacation, so it's up to YOU!

Each day provides two new puzzles to solve, contributing to the story. The
first puzzle helps get your feet wet, and the second expands upon what you've
learned. Lessons from previous days often carry forward as well.

The puzzles start out somewhat straightforward, but becomes complex. Fast.

![Her: "He's probably thinking about other women." Him: "There must be an optimal way to release the valve pressure and get those elephants out of that volcano."](images/elephants-volcano.jpg)


# My approach

I started in 2022, and took the approach of writing performant code that
others, perhaps those new to programming, can hopefully learn from.

I've chosen Python so far for my solutions (though this is no guarantee I'll
stick with Python in all future years!). At the top of each `task*.py` file,
you'll find a description of the problem, possible solutions, and an
implementation or two or three.

I do hope my solutions are useful to others who are learning.

I haven't yet completed a full Advent of Code. The puzzles get hard, and I'm
often quite busy this time of the year (an understatement if ever I've uttered
one). So you're unlikely to find a solution to every problem.


# What else do I do?

I'm a long-time software developer, having worked in the open source community,
VMware, and now working as the CEO of [Beanbag, Inc.](https://www.beanbaginc.com).

We build [Review Board](https://www.reviewboard.org/), the predecessor to many
of the code review and document review tools on the market. It's widely used in
companies and organizations of all sizes. It's not just for Git, and not just
for code. It's built to be a more powerful, flexible, and extensible
alternative to pull requests and other basic code review solutions.

I also do [COVID reporting](https://bc19.live) for Butte County, CA as a
volunteer effort, posting reports for the community every week, and running a
dashboard to help people to follow the data.
